🚀 Join Our Exciting Minecraft Server! 🚀

Hey Minecraft enthusiasts!

Are you looking for a fun, active server to dive into? Come check out our server on ATM 9

Discord: https://discord.gg/GVtY9YcASR

Server IP: tyvek.crafted.pro

What We Offer:

Engaging Gameplay: We’re running All the Mods 9, which means you’ll have access to a ton of exciting mods to explore and create with.

Active Community: Join a vibrant group of players who are already enjoying the server.

please bear in mind these are all in the making as ATM9 is a vast modpack and im new to it myself it will take some time and player input to make everything work! there are so many mods that trying to "nerf" things to make everything fair would result in removing alot of mods, our current community is very laid back and we all just play and talk no events or purges have taken place yet but the rules will probably be ...

We’re planning unique events like the "Purge"—where, for certain days or intervals (e.g., every 3 days), you can't break blocks in claims, but you can open storage. Gravestones will not be locked, and you’ll need to get creative to bypass defenses and use all the mods to your advantage!

What We Need:

Really just starting out trying to build the population of the server im activly trying to work on the server to ensure the best experience for all players!

Currently i am the sole "owner" of the server and while the population grows I hope to meet some like minded people that would like to work on this project with me!

How to Join

Connect to our server using the IP: tyvek.crafted.pro

Join our community and start participating in our events.

If you’re interested in helping with design or event planning, let us know!

We’re excited to meet new players and collaborate with others to make this server the best it can be. Come be a part of the action and help us shape the future of our Minecraft world! please feel free to join the discord and chat with me! FriedAllTheTime (ServerOwner)

PS: PIPEZ IS GOING TO BE REMOVED AND WE ARE ON 0.3.0 OF ATM9 because our world is 100 Gb's approx I cant update it without wiping it would take a year to move the file :(

See you in-game!
